{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Version 1: \
data_analysis\
This version did some statistical analysis on the dataset to picture the data.\
\
Version 2:\
data_analysis_revised\
This version applied K-means clustering to split the data into clusters based on time of the response and number of seconds it took to process. This version is not complete due to the different determination on what a web attack would be in reality. Number of seconds the response took to process is not an interested feature in determining web attacks in reality.\
\
Version 3:\
data_analysis_revised2\
This version used supervised learning to train/split/test by first pre-processing the data, creating two additional columns. The columns represent the rate of seeing multiple duplicate responses and accept rate in the same second and keep a track on that. This method is not convincing enough as the result due to the machine would only give 1 or 0s for its own decision. The supervisor from this supervised machine learning approach is created by the user instead of given, thus giving a false precision.\
\
Version 4:\
data_analysis_revised3\
This version used the outlier algorithm to determine the level of suspicious by the machine learning. \
\
Version 5:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 data_analysis_revised4\
This version used the k-means cluster to separate the data into 2 clusters. Then the machine train/split/test the data again to verify the precision. However, separating the data into 2 clusters only makes each response being either 1 or 0, as attack or not attack. This method is not the goal of the project because the desired result should be giving the likelihood of attack for each response.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Last Version:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 data_analysis_shen\
See READMD.md}